[Content Collections] update to new slug changes (#2435)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/content-collections.mdx

## Generating Routes from Content

Content collections are stored outside of the `src/pages/` directory. You will need to create a new [dynamic route](/en/core-concepts/routing/#dynamic-routes) to generate HTML pages from your collection entries. Your dynamic route will map the incoming request param (ex: `Astro.params.slug` in `src/pages/blog/[slug].astro`) to fetch the correct entry inside a collection.

> The way that you do this is different, depending on your build [`output`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#output) mode: 'static' (the default) or 'server' (for SSR). 

Reviewer: Just calling out this feels a little clunky. Not blocking, but might want to revisit this line at some point!

```suggestion
The exact method for generating routes will depend on your build [`output`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#output) mode: 'static' (the default) or 'server' (for SSR).
```
